Editorial review of the latest additions (#34)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/authentication-and-authorization/authorization.adoc

[[authorization]]
:description: This page describes how to set up authorization features in the Neo4j GraphQL Library.
= Authorization

> Authorization rules cover to what specific data a generated Cypher query is executed against.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authorization rules cover what specific data a generated Cypher query is executed against.
```

> They use predicates to evaluate the Cypher generated from a GraphQL query, thus allowing or not execution within the context of nodes and their properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They use predicates to evaluate the Cypher generated from a GraphQL query, thus allowing or disallowing execution within the context of nodes and their properties.
```

}
----

== Authorization without authentication

Authentication is implicitly required for every authorization check by default, but this can be disabled on a per-rule basis.
This could be the case, for instance, when a node has a property which flags whether the node should be public or not.

> For instance, in case `Post` nodes might be private and belong to a particular `User`, or be public and readable by any user, here is how to set this up:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, in the case where some `Post` nodes are private and belong to a particular `User`, while other `Post` nodes are public and readable by any user, here is how to set this up:
```
